Adding locally-maintained Checked-C-specific documents. (#1190)
microsoft/checkedc-clang: clang/docs/checkedc/process/External-PR-merge-process.md

  ```
   git diff master..test-CCI-PR-123
   git diff --name-only master..test-CCI-PR-123   // To see the set of changed files
   git merge master    // To merge changes in master to the test-CCI-PR-123 branch
  ```

4.  The review may result in review comments, and the external developers may add more commits to PR 123 to address the review comments. These commits may be pulled as follows (assuming that the checked out branch on the local machine is `test-CCI-PR-123`):

  ```
   git pull origin pull/123/head
  ```

5. Push the temporary branch from the local machine to our remote repository (https://github.com/microsoft/checkedc-clang) and run the build and tests on the temporary branch.

  ```
   git push origin test-CCI-PR-123
  ```

6. Steps 3 and 4 above may need to be repeated until all review comments are addressed and test failures are fixed.

7. The last step is to merge PR 123 into the `master` branch of our remote repository (https://github.com/microsoft/checkedc-clang). Two points should be kept in mind:

>   1. The merge should either be a `merge commit` or a `squash merge` depending on the context of the PR. For example, PRs from CCI should always be `merge commit` as CCI needs to be able to access the commit history in their PRs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  1. The merge should either be a "merge commit" or a "squash merge" depending on the context of the PR. For example, "omnibus" 3C PRs from CCI ([example](https://github.com/microsoft/checkedc-clang/pull/1065)) should always be "merge commit" because they contain intermediate commits from CCI's `main` branch that need to stay in sync between CCI's and Microsoft's repositories after the merge. But for most PRs, the intermediate commits just reflect steps of work and code review that don't need to stay in sync with anywhere else, so a "squash merge" leaves a simpler history on the `master` branch for the benefit of most readers, and readers who want more detail can still view the intermediate commits on the PR page.
```
Clarifying that "merge commit" is needed only for omnibus 3C PRs (such as #1065), not other PRs that happen to come from CCI but follow essentially the same workflow as internal PRs (such as #1112).  Feel free to improve the text further.
